DBZ-6090 Updated connection information in MongoDB documentation (#4384)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/mongodb.adoc

The {prodname} MongoDB connector can capture changes from a single https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/replication/[MongoDB replica set].
Production replica sets require a minimum of https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/core/replica-set-architecture-three-members/[at least three members].
+

> To use the MongoDB connector with a replica set, provide the https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/[replica set connection string] through the connector's `mongodb.connection.string` property. The connector will start a task to connect to the replica set and capture the changes from change stream.

Author: Here the mention of started task should be kept I think

[WARNING]
====

> Previous version of Debezium allowed the connector to forgo membership discovery by setting the  `mongodb.members.auto.discover` property to false. However, this option always had limitations, and it was only possible due to how older versions of the connector managed database connection. For this reason current versions of the connector no longer support this property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to changes in the way that the connector manages database connections, this release of {prodname} no longer supports use of the `mongodb.members.auto.discover` property to prevent the connector from performing membership discovery. 
```

* A separate replica set that acts as the cluster's _configuration server_
* One or more _routers_ (also called `mongos`) to which clients connect and that routes requests to the appropriate shards
+

> To use the MongoDB connector with a sharded cluster, provide the https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/[sharded cluster connection string] through the connector's `mongodb.connection.string` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the MongoDB connector with a sharded cluster, in the connector configuration, set the value of the `mongodb.connection.string` property to the  https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/[sharded cluster connection string].
```

[WARNING]
====

> Previous versions of MongoDB connector required the connector to be configured with the host addresses of the _configuration server_ replica set via the `mongodb.hosts` property. Connection string used by the newer connector versions should include the addresses of Mongo routes (also called `mongos`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mongodb.connection.string` property replaces the deprecated `mongodb.hosts` property that was used to provide earlier versions of the connector with the host address of the _configuration server_ replica.  
In the current release, use `mongodb.connection.string` to provide the connector with the addresses of MongoDB routes, also known as `mongos`.
```

Author: Here was a typo,  the last sentence should read "MongoDB routeRs"

====

[NOTE]
====

> When the connector connects to sharded cluster, it discovers the information about each replica set used as a shard in the cluster, and will then start up a separate task to capture the changes from each shard. If new shards are added to the cluster or existing shards removed, the connector will automatically adjust its tasks accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the connector connects to sharded cluster, it discovers the information about each replica set that represents a shard in the cluster.
The connector uses a separate task to capture changes from each shard.
As shards are added or removed from the cluster, the connector  dynamically adjusts the numbers of tasks to compensate for the change.
```

|No default
|The name of the Java class for the connector. Always use a value of `io.debezium.connector.mongodb.MongoDbConnector` for the MongoDB connector.

|[[mongodb-property-mongodb-connection-string]]<<mongodb-property-mongodb-connection-string, `+mongodb.connection.string+`>>
|No default
|Specifies a https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/[connection string] that the connector uses to connect to a MongoDB replica set.

> This property replaces  `mongodb.hosts` property available in previous versions of MongoDB connector. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property replaces the `mongodb.hosts` property that was available in previous versions of the MongoDB connector. +
```

 +
[NOTE]
====

> In case of sharded MongoDB cluster, the connector uses this connection string only during the initial shard discovery process. After the initial discovery process finishes a connection string is gennerated for each shard individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connectors that capture changes from a sharded MongoDB cluster use this connection string only during the initial shard discovery process. 
After the initial discovery process, connection strings are generated for each individual shard.
```
